you'll answer 15 questions get your
phone ready to put down your points
after each question
you'll sum them up in the end to find
out your true calling
number one if you had to access a time
machine would you rather travel to
a the past i'm a history fan be
the future can't wait to see those
flying cars c
traveling isn't my thing i'd sell that
opportunity to someone else
d the great barrier reef or maybe paris
i'd rather travel to new places
not in time
option a brings you 40 points if you
went with b
you just got 20 points if you picked c
add 10 points to your basket
d is worth 30 points number two
what sounds like the worst idea to you a
giving someone full access to your
social media
they'll be able to post and comment on
your behalf b
traveling to the same place every
vacation till the end of your life
c letting someone pick outfits for you
for a month
d have your most annoying colleague
appointed as your boss
in case you chose option a give yourself
30 points
b adds 20 points to your score c is
worth 40
and d is a 10 point option
number three you feel happiest when you
a
find a solution for some technical issue
that no one else can solve
b help a friend solve a problem that's
been bugging them for ages
c perform on stage i can't live without
attention
d work on a painting write a story or do
some crafts alone
technology fans award yourself with 20
points
those who went for option b you just got
yourself 30 points
c is worth 10 and d gets you 40 points
number four your friends call you and
say they'll be at your place in 30
minutes what do you take care of first
hey i'll check the fridge and see what i
can cook b
this house definitely needs urgent
cleaning c
i have to arrange a playlist for the
night music sets the right move
d where are my car keys i'm leaving
surprises aren't my thing
[Music]
if you went for the fridge here are 30
points for you 20 points will help you
clean the house
option c brings you 40 points d is worth
10 points
number five you just want unlimited
access to your favorite ride at the fun
fair
what is it going to be a bumper cars i
can't go any more extreme than that
b what's that roller coaster with seven
loops count me in
c i love merry-go-rounds d can i swap it
for unlimited access to paints and
crafts materials
option a adds 10 points to your basket b
gives 20 points
c is worth 30 and d is worth 40.
number six describe your ideal workout
a please direct me to the nearest gym
i'm a treadmill and bench press kind of
person
b my ideal workout is no workout at all
unless marathon viewing counts as a
sport
see yoga is life it calms me down and
keeps me going
d i run mornings and evenings
[Music]
if option a sounds like the way to go
give yourself 20 points
if b is your choice you just scored 10
points
in case you went with c it's worth 40
finally d gives you 30 points
number seven how much time do you spend
on social media daily
a i don't have time for that b no more
than one hour
c about three hours when i'm bored at
work or school
d 24 hours a day seven days a week it's
my life
if you picked option a you just scored
20 points
if you chose option b it's worth 10
points c gives you 40 points
and d 30 points number eight
which of those sounds most like your
social media behavior
a i post a lot about everything that
happens to me
b i mostly scroll through the news feed
looking for events see
i share funny memes and new posts d
i'm not using any of those
[Music]
a is worth 30 points b gives you 40
c is a 10 and d is 20 points
number nine pick an image that matches
your mood
a a peaceful sunrise i'm pretty happy
with where i'm at right now
b crossroads i can't decide where to go
from now
c a busy city i always have something
going on and i like it
d thunderstorm and lightning things
aren't easy right now
[Music]
your inner peace brings you 30 points if
you can't decide where to go
here are your 40 points busy people get
10 points
lightning brings you 20 points number 10
you decide to paint the walls in your
room for a change is it going to be
a green the color of harmony that i need
more of
b gray elegant serene functional
just like me c one color is too boring
i'd go with one orange
one purple and two polka dot walls d
blue light and spacious
a gives you 30 points b is worth 10 c
is worth 40 points d brings you 20
points
number 11 time to fill that new empty
wall will you go with a
abstract and simple drawing maybe your
initial b
a quote from your favorite song or book
c a photo collage
picture of your family friends and
travels d something work related
a to-do list or monthly planner will do
[Music]
if you picked a add 20 points to your
score if you went with b
it's worth 30 points c brings you 40
and d just 10 points
12. congratulations you just got a
surprise bonus at work
how are you going to spend it a two
words designer outlet
b i'll rent a huge house with a pool and
invite all my friends for a party
c how much is a private jet d i'll
invest it to double that money in the
long run
[Music]
fashion fans you get 40 points party
people
you just earned 30 points if you chose
the jet
20 points go your way investors earn 10
points
number 13 describe the perfect office
space for youth
a my own big office or workshop i need
silence and space to focus
b an informal lounge i'd get the best
ideas in an armchair sipping coffee
see a cubicle makes me most productive d
i love working at my favorite coffee
shop
[Music]
option a brings you 10 points b is worth
40 points c
brings you 20 points and d is worth 30
points
number 14 would you rather be a
a villain known and feared all across
the world b
an unrecognized hero someone else takes
credit for everything you do
c always happy but poor d the richest
person in the world but forever alone
if you picked a add 20 points to your
score b
brings you 30 points c is worth 40 and d
gives you 10 points number 15
reward yourself for all those uneasy
choices you can pick one dessert
a brownies for life they remind me of
home
b sundae please top it with caramel
syrup and nuts
c salad is my favorite dessert healthy
diet you know
d some fancy cake with fruit and many
layers will do
[Music]
brownie fans get 30 points sunday lovers
get 40 points
salad eaters earn 10 points and fancy
cakes
bring you 20 points time to sum up all
your points
if your final score is 150 to 260 points
you were born to be a business person
you have an analytical mind
you're perfect at processing big amounts
of data and multitasking
you have a good eye for details and see
the big picture
entrepreneur pr manager real estate
agent or event organizer are perfect
jobs for you did you get 270 to 380
points
you're a natural scientist or explorer
you love solving logical puzzles and
building theories
you're focused on the future and want to
do something great for humanity
you aren't afraid to step into the
unknown you could be an awesome engineer
biochemist pilot or even astronaut those
who scored 390 to 490 points
have the potential of a leader you have
excellent people skills and easily
inspire and motivate others
you love to learn and share your
knowledge others listen to you
and ask for your advice a teacher a
motivational coach
a social worker or a tv host would be
perfect jobs for you
you could even be a president if you
want if you got 490 points and more
you have the soul of an artist you've
always been creative and spontaneous
you're more of an introvert so it's easy
for you to express yourself through
painting
writing or music you have the talent to
see beauty in
everyday things you can make a great
writer photographer
designer or succeed at any other art
form
[Music]